Introduction
Our first tactical dashboard was a hit, which means we have attracted some attention. Now the full executive team wants a more strategic view of the business.

You need to create a dashboard that allows the team to see:

Top-level revenue, profit, average profit ratio, and units sold
YoY performance by segment (segment refers to Corporate, Consumer, Home Office)
Monthly trend of the current year by segment (segment refers to Corporate, Consumer, Home Office)
View category performance
Best performing sub-category within each customer segment
The difference between this dashboard and the previous, besides the content, is the emphasis on performance. Your executive audience does not have the time to make all the comparisons themselves. They need you to emphasize the main points of interest they will relay to their team leads for further investigation and discussion among themselves regarding strategy.

Project Overview
In this project, you will incorporate the new skills you have learned around the dashboard designed to grab your audience’s attention. We will be emphasizing key elements of the dashboard that continue acknowledging the audience's level of graphicacy, conscious management of color to avoid confusion, and our innate ability to identify patterns so those who find your dashboard are drawn to the key points.

PowerBI Tutorials [Optional Tool Choice]: If you choose to use PowerBI, and need some additional help navigating Power BI and getting your visualizations set up, there is guidance available on the Microsoft website.

Tableau Tutorials [Optional Tool Choice]: If you choose to use Tableau, and need some additional help navigating Tableau and getting your visualizations set up, the Tableau website offers training videos and tutorials that can guide you through the process.

Datasets
For this project, you will be working with the same dataset as you did in the midterm of this project: (Superstore-dataset-dashboarddesign) to build our KPI dashboard. Note: This file is located in the Resources section of the classroom, in the left column.

Data file stored in Resources

Project Steps
Below are steps you can follow to complete each component of this project.

Please verify that your work reflects the priorities of the grading rubric.

Ensure your audience can access the information below:

Top-level revenue, profit, profit ratio, and units sold for 2018
YoY performance by customer segment (customer segment refers to Corporate, Consumer, Home Office)
View sub-category performance by the active metric
Best performing sub-categories within each customer segment for the chosen metric
Demonstrate a clear use of alignment so users can easily navigate the UI
Use color to clearly call attention to the marks that matter most
Create a text hierarchy to further organize the information on the screen in a separate document
Add information to areas of the screen users may have questions about
Your dashboard can be any style you like. Here is an example to give you some ideas.