Project Introduction
In this project, you’ll have the opportunity to combine a lot of what you’ve learned throughout this entire program. This project may seem challenging and there isn’t a lot of guidance provided, as we want you to have the freedom to be creative. That dataset that you are working with is real and it is pretty big. When you are analyst for a company, there often isn’t guidance as to how to correctly answer a particular question. And there might not really be one right answer. Leverage your own skills. Make sure you look through the directions carefully.

Project Description
In this project, you'll create visualizations to reveal insights from a data set. You will create data visualizations that tell a story or highlight patterns in the data set. Your work should be a reflection of the theory and practice of data visualization, such as visual encodings, design principles, and effective communication.

There are 3 different data sets you can choose from.

Flight Delays and Cancellations
US Census Demographic Data
Youtube Data from the US
1) Flight Delays and Cancellations
This data comes from a Kaggle dataset, it tracks the on-time performance of US domestic flights operated by large air carriers in 2015. You can find the dataset in supporting materials at the bottom of this page.

The file you must use in creating your data visualizations is the flights.csv file. The other two provided files may be used in conjunction with the flights.csv file, but should not be used alone.

You are required to create three visualizations. Some questions you may attempt to answer include those pertaining to the following areas:

Which airlines or airports have the worst delays?
Determine which destinations and arrival destinations have the most delays? Doing this using maps is actually pretty difficult, but you may choose an alternative visual to provide this information. Think about what kind of aggregates might work best to determine which airlines and airports are the best and worst in terms of delays.

What causes delays?
Think about if you work at an airline and you want to decrease delays. What part of the flight causes the most delays? Do these causes vary by airport or time of year?

You can also come up with your own question!
As you work with the data, come up with a question you're curious about and can be answered from the data. Build a dashboard or story to answer your question and lead viewers to that answer.





Text: Metadata
Review the column Metadata
Some of the columns you want to use in your project will have coded values that represent longer more readable values. For instance the cancellation_reason column in the flights data set has the values: A, B, C, D These letters are not understandable by themselves. You need to replace these letters with the full reason to make your visualizations including this data more readable.

These letters correspond with the following reasons.

A - Airline/Carrier

B - Weather

C - National Air System

D - Security

You should review the Column Metadata tab on Kaggle for each data set to find details about the data like the one I have outlined above.

Flights
link here: https://www.kaggle.com/usdot/flight-delays/data

Suggestions to Make Your Project Stand Out
Incorporate more advanced visualization methods using Tableau. These should enhance the reader’s ability to understand the data and interact with the graphic.
Collect and include rich feedback such as screenshots with annotations, audio files, videos of walkthroughs, discussion forum links, or images of sketches with handwritten comments.
Explain the reasoning behind every initial design choice and every change you made. Reflect on the visualization development process.