Introduction
You are continuing your work as an analyst for the World Bank, understanding trends in global development by country and year. You have successfully created an interactive data story in your first project, and now your manager has asked you to take it to another level for a presentation in the auditorium.

Project Overview
Your goal of this next phase of the project is to create an animated bubble chart, make a story out of it, and add audio to narrate the story. You will be using the same dataset from the mid-term project energy_environment_economy.csv to build out your narrated story in Flourish.

Dataset
We will be using the same dataset from the mid-term Project: World Indicators dataset. You may already have the dataset, but it is also available below under Supporting Materials, if you need it again. The dataset file is: “Energy Environment Economy.csv” . The data set features annual data about 217 countries and territories from 1990 through 2014. This dataset has been compiled from data sets originally sourced from the World Bank data bank.

The data set includes the following fields:

Country Name: Name of the country
Country Code: 3 digit code for each country
Region: The region of the globe the country is a part of (e.g. North America, Europe & Central Asia, etc.)
Income Group: Whether each country is part of the High income, Upper middle income, lower middle income, or Low income
Year
Energy use (kg of oil equivalents per capita)
Population
CO2 emissions (metric tons per capita)
Renewable energy consumption (% of energy)
GDP per capita, PPP (purchase price parity)
Electric power consumption (kWh per capita)
Access to electricity (% of population)
Forest area (% of land)
Supporting Materials
Energy Environment Economy

Project Instructions
To complete the project, you’ll need to complete the following tasks:
A. Using the data set, create a new Bubble Chart in Flourish Studio
B. Import your data, choosing the data set for this project.
C. Create a Flourish story

To create the Flourish story, you need to finish the following tasks:__

Build a bubble chart with the correct columns in the data for the following:

X values
Y values
Name
Color
Size and Shape (Optional)
Time field
Series to connect with line
Make sure the chart is animated across time and data and reflects the changes for each country.

Add the Bubble chart to the Story

Create at least three different tiles with the final tile animating the bubbles.

Add an audio to the Story.

Publish it to the web.

Submission
For your submission, you will submit the link to your data story published to your Flourish Public account.